Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Let us go...
Wait. please don't shoot.
I have a sick
daughter at home who…
Close your eyes.
If you want to
live. do as I say.
Player 246. eliminated.
SQUID GAME 3
EPISODE 1 KEYS AND KNIVES
Take him away.
What's with you playing nice
with us all of a sudden?
It's not like you.
I gave it some more thought.
If they're just
gonna die anyway.
might as well give their organs
to people who can still be saved.
Good call.
I'm glad to hear you
finally came around.
I wanna see it.
-See what?
-The operating room.
What for?
Well. now that we're partners.
there shouldn't be any
secrets between us.
Guess it's someone
who died out there.
Who is that?
Is he dead?
He's alive.
Come here. Help me
get him to a bed.
-Quick!
-Yeah. of course.
Here. just… Wait.
lay him down here.
I don't see him
anywhere near the boat.
Do you remember how
many drinks he had?
Not enough to get wasted.
Sure looked like a lot
from those soju bottles on
the cabin floor this morning.
He could've gotten drunk. came
out to the deck to throw up.
and ended up falling overboard.
The waves were pretty
rough last night.
Oh. you know. I wonder if
that was the sound I heard.
What sound?
Uh. at some point. someone
was talking outside.
then I heard these
thumping sounds.
What time was that?
I think it was about
3:00 a.m. Wasn't it?
Yep. that sounds about right.
I got up to check. but Captain
Park was already out on the deck.
We should've woken everyone
up and looked for him.
We should search
the vicinity first.
Listen. Detective. these are
strong currents we got out here.
He would've drifted quite
a ways since last night.
If he was drunk when he fell.
in weather like that. well…
Can you waste time
looking for a corpse? Huh?
You said we had three.
four days. at most.
We'll head to the nearest docks
and find another drone pilot.
Let's move out.
We have to attack first.
Doesn't mean we should
join this bloodbath.
We'd be playing into
their hands if we did.
Sacrifice a few for the rest?
And it'll be worth
the sacrifice
if it means we can put an
end to these games for good.
If they won't let us go
we fight our way out.
If you wanna take out these
fuckers. step forward.
Why take me instead
of Young-il?
'Cause you're my best friend.
Mr. Seong.
Oh. you… Oh. goodness.
you're awake.
You're alive.
Are you feeling better. sir?
It's suspicious. right?
Where's… where's everyone else?
And Jung-bae. did he…
Now. witness the consequences
of your little game.
Gi-hun…
Last night. another 35
players were eliminated.
bringing the current number
of remaining players to 60.
The total prize is
now 39.6 billion won.
and each player's share
is 660 million won.
We will now begin
another round of voting
to determine if you wish to
proceed to the next game.
Why'd you let me
live. and no one else?
Why didn't you kill me?
Answer me!
What's it for. huh?
You didn't let anyone
else live. Why?!
Here. go ahead. Shoot. Go
ahead. pull the trigger!
Go on. do it!
Kill me. Take the shot!
Why did you let me live? Why?
What else do you
bastards want from me?
Why didn't you just kill
me like everyone else?
You won. didn't you?
Go ahead. just take
the fucking shot!
You beat us! You won!
So please. I'm begging
you. just kill me!
Kill me!
We just docked at
the nearest port.
They're gonna find another
drone pilot and head out again.
They must not find the island.
Not till we're done
with all the games here.
Understood.
Hey. Detective Hwang!
Gimme a call once you're
ready to head back out!
-Will do.
-And. uh. watch your step there.
Last question. What do
I do if things go south?
Kill them all.
Including the detective.
We will now begin
another round of voting
to determine if you wish to
proceed to the next game.
Once again. it will be conducted
in reverse player-number order.
Player 456. please
cast your vote.
If you do not express an intent
to vote by the count of three.
it will be considered
an abstention.
One. two. three.
Player 456 has
forfeited his vote.
and as such. his will not
be added to either tally.
Next. Player 448.
Please cast your vote.
Don't worry. you can relax.
We're not gonna hurt you. okay?
Yeah. you can vote
for either one!
Don't worry about
anyone else. okay?
Just vote however you want!
First one's with us.
So far. the
confirmed casualties
are 8 managers and 27 soldiers.
Pull from the workers to
replace the dead soldiers.
And repair any damage to the
facility as quickly as possible.
The VIPs will be arriving soon.
Yes. sir.
Where'd you learn
how to shoot?
Oh. wait.
I heard North Korean women have to serve
in the military too. You learn there?
That's right.
So then why'd you
cross the border?
Were things pretty bad up there?
Or maybe
you landed yourself
in some hot water.
You said we were partners now.
So shouldn't we get to
know each other a bit?
We can meet on the outside
once this is all over.
I'll tell you everything then.
I don't wanna wait till then.
You know. there's a great
place for a date nearby.
Wanna check it out?
It's a long story.
Let me see the
operating room first.
Sure.
I've had my eye on
this spot for a while.
You're gonna love it.
In accordance with the results
of your free and
democratic vote.
we will proceed with
the next game tomorrow.
Thank you all.
Hey. 456.
Tell me something.
Was this part of your
plan the whole time?
Oh. that's it. isn't it?
You get everyone to join
your little rebellion
so you could get rid
of them all at once.
Ah. so that means
that earlier…
… "Why didn't I die?!"
All that shit was an act.
Wow. Talk about a twisted freak.
I bet you're right.
'Cause after all. those
assholes killed everyone
but decided to spare him.
There's a reason for
that. isn't there?
Well. in any case. you brought
those dumbass Xs out there to die.
so now they're out of our way.
You got us a larger share. and
helped us win today's vote.
Thanks for that.
Now. let's show our man some
gratitude with a round of applause!
Good job!
Couldn't have done
it without ya!
You've been on our
side all along!
Oh. you poor fool.
What did I tell you?
You're not here of your
own volition. are you?
It was the vengeful
souls hovering over you
that dragged you here.
Do you hear that?
It's the sound of all your little friends.
screaming into your ears from the dead.
Ah. but cover them all you want.
It won't stop the noise.
You'll only hear them
scream louder each day.
And you…
You're going to continue to hear them
from now until the day that you die.
Let her go! Stop
it! Let her go.
Are you all right.
Miss Seon-nyeo?
How's this one?
We'll be able to
get some good stuff.
Okay. nice and easy.
-One. two. three!
-Three!
It's okay. You guys can relax.
Number 011's on our side now.
Your friend there's
in good shape. right?
That was all her. It's
a little present for us.
Why'd you bring her
all the way down here?
We're all partners now. okay?
We should get to know
each other a little.
The guys here before us
only wound up getting caught
'cause they wanted to keep secrets.
There was no trust.
But we trust each other.
We have no secrets.
That's why we agreed not
to wear our masks in here.
Isn't it?
So you're Number 011.
You know much money we lost 'cause
of the shit you pulled out there?
That's enough. We gotta
hurry if we're gonna make it.
Help me here.
Hey. come here.
I'll walk you through
the whole thing. okay?
There's your present
on the table now.
He's still alive. right. Doc?
Yeah. Just unconscious.
All right then.
Let's all thank Number
011 for the lovely gift.
Time to open it.
-Freeze.
-What the fuck!
Put the knife down.
-Putting it down!
-What are you doing?
You step back!
-I thought you were one of us now.
-Goddamn bitch!
Fuck.
You wanted to know why
I crossed the border?
I had a commander a
lot like you up there.
I shot him in the head.
Don't kill me.
I swear. I'm not one of them.
I just got roped into this.
They… they offered me money.
This man…
Save him.
If he dies. so do you.
Jun-hee.
I know they're your favorite.
I don't think
that's a good idea.
I'll be fine. You
just eat yours.
Um. excuse me. sir.
Here. have this. You
need to try and eat.
Listen. I know.
You wanted to help us.
You were trying to save
everyone out there.
To teach those bad people a
lesson and end this whole thing.
I'm sorry.
I should've done more…
to bring the ammo back to you.
Hyun-ju. why are you sorry?
This is Dae-ho's fault.
Come on. I saw
it. my mom saw it.
Everyone here saw what happened.
As soon as Dae-ho got here.
he took the rounds. went
to leave. and then just
froze and sank
right to the floor.
And by the time Hyun-ju got
here. it was already too late.
The guards had all
started to rush in.
And if my mom hadn't
stopped her. then. well.
Hyun-ju would've died too.
That's the truth. right?
Look. sitting here won't bring
anyone back from the dead.
Let's focus on who's still here.
Right. sir?
Go on. Try to eat a little.
And please drink some
water so you don't choke.
Oh. dear. He's
completely out of it.
NOVEMBER 4 - DAY 4 OF THE SEARCH
Detective Hwang. you asleep?
Not yet. no.
Listen. uh. if
you're still awake.
I thought we could have
a chat over some drinks.
Sure. Come in.
Thanks.
Oh. no. None for me.
Uh… Okay.
So. what is it?
What's on your mind?
Oh.
It's. um. about Captain Park.
You were saying that
when you almost drowned.
-he's who found you at sea?
-Yeah.
I fell into the water after
I got shot on that island.
He's the one who rescued me and
then took me to the hospital.
Well. is there anything
else you remember?
No. I woke up in
the hospital room.
My mother's the one who
told me what he did.
Why?
Uh…
Uh. it's nothing. just…
Do you remember this morning
I said I went outside last
night 'cause of a noise I heard?
Yeah. Captain Park
said he heard it too.
Yeah. And I really didn't
think it was strange then.
Only now. looking back
at it. when I saw him.
he was holding
something in his hand.
What?
A screwdriver.
Who's there?
Ah. Woo-seok!
It's just Captain Park!
Screwdriver?
Mmm-hmm.
I know it was dark and all. but I'm
sure he was holding a screwdriver.
That's just a little
bit weird. isn't it?
Why would he have something
like that in his hand?
Maybe he was
working on the boat.
No. but he said he was in bed
when he heard the strange noise.
What if he wanted a
weapon to defend himself
'cause he felt like
something was off?
Well. I guess…
-Uh. it still seems weird for...
-Woo-seok.
You think Captain Park had
something to do with this.
That is what you're
saying. isn't it?
Listen. I can
always trust my gut.
and it's telling me that there's
something fishy going on with the Captain.
This is the man
who saved my life.
Who's spent years trying to
help me track down this island.
And even now. that's
what he's doing.
I know that he is.
And look. you know.
I'm not saying
he actually did anything to
the drone pilot for sure.
It's only that my gut...
Last night you were
with the drone pilot.
You were drinking
with him. weren't you?
Oh.
Yeah. but not a lot.
though. It was just a few.
We're setting out pretty early.
You should go get some sleep.
Oh.
Sure. okay.
And no more alcohol on the boat.
Starting tomorrow.
Okay.
You motherfucker.
They died while you sat around.
Your attention. please.
The fourth game will
begin momentarily.
Please follow the
staff's instructions
and swiftly make your way
towards the game hall.
Sir.
The VIPs have arrived.
Players. what you
see before you here
is the fate of those who
refused to accept the results
of our free and
democratic voting process
by attempting to forcibly put an end
to the games through violent means.
Let us be clear.
We will not tolerate any
further irrational behavior.
or attempts to violate
the fair. just…
…and clearly outlined
rules of these games.
Such actions will be punished in
accordance with our strict regulations.
We would like to thank you all for
your understanding and cooperation.
Players. welcome
to the fourth game.
For this game. you will
be divided into two teams.
Before we can begin.
all players must first receive
their team assignments.
Please step forward
one at a time
and draw a ball from the
machine in front of you.
Major internal organs look good.
I was able to stitch him up.
-But?
-He needs a transfusion to live.
And we don't have
any blood here.
Use mine then.
What's your type?
Type O.
That should work. right?
Oh. it's all right. They haven't
even said what we're playing.
Try anything. and you're dead.
The game you'll
be playing today
is Hide-and-seek.
Hide-and-seek?
Players on the Blue Team
must either find the exit
and escape within 30 minutes.
or stay hidden to avoid being
caught by members of the Red Team
before the game ends.
Then what do we do? Is it
like the kids' version?
Do we just have to find
them and then they're out?
Players on the Red Team
must find the members of the Blue
Team hiding throughout the arena
and kill them within 30 minutes.
We have to kill them?
-You did say "kill." right?
-That is correct.
Each player on the Red Team must find
and kill a player on the Blue Team.
If you fail to kill at least
one. you will be eliminated.
So all those people. they're
going to try to kill us?
That is correct.
What's this?
The item you've
been given is a key
that can be used to
unlock doors in the arena.
Using these keys. you will be able
to access new areas during the game.
However. once a door has been
opened. it cannot be locked again.
Whoa. hold on. So those guys
can either hide and wait it out.
or they use their
keys to escape?
Sounds like an unfair
advantage to me.
-What the fuck!
-Shut the hell up!
It's not just that. You're saying
that we each gotta kill one. right?
And without any tools?
Yeah. it doesn't make
any sense at all.
I don't suppose any of them will
just stand there and ask us to do it.
You guys really expect us to
do it with our bare hands?
These points are valid.
and we completely
understand your concerns.
That's why we've gone ahead and prepared
a small gift for the Red Team as well.
Please open your boxes and
inspect their contents.
Thank you. sir.
Is that a knife?
Whoa. nice.
They've got knives now.
What did we get?
-Oh.
-What are we to do against knives?
You can use these knives to attack
the players on the Blue Team.
But please note. members of the Red Team
are not allowed to attack each other.
Well. shouldn't you at least
give us a shield or something?
They got knives after all.
What are we supposed to do.
run around without any defense?
He's right.
-You need to give us something too.
-I agree.
Look. dude. all we got were these
keys. That's not very fair. is it?
Yeah. he's right.
Those keys open doors. remember? You
people can actually get outta here.
-That's right.
-Or you can just find somewhere to hide.
-You got it easy. man!
-Totally!
Yeah. it's like a cake
walk for you guys.
Hey. Gramps.
You're good at that kind
of thing. aren't you?
Hiding. like a little rat.
Before we begin today's game.
we would like to first give you an
opportunity to change your fate.
If any of you are not satisfied
with your currently assigned role.
you may instead choose to switch sides
with someone from the opposing team
before the game begins.
-What? Change teams?
-What? We can switch sides?
That is correct.
As long as both parties agree…
…you may trade your vests and
items with another player.
However. once the game begins.
removing your own vest.
or attempting to switch
vests with any player.
is strictly prohibited.
So please consider carefully
before making your decision.
Well. I don't know which
team's got it worse.
The key's not bad.
All right. guys. Say hi
to the new drone pilot.
Nice to meet you all.
He was hard to find. so
make sure he feels welcome.
Yes. sir.
Thanks.
Right then. First things first.
Go and grab a life jacket.
Don't want any more accidents.
-You heard what happened.
-Ah. yeah.
We're about to head
out. Where are you?
Detective. you guys go
ahead. I'm not coming.
What do you mean. you're not?
There's just something
I gotta look into.
Is this about what
you said last night?
I know it sounds weird. but
my gut tends to be right.
I'll be in touch
if I find anything.
Until I do. be careful
around the Captain.
Woo-seok...
All right. boys. it's
time to shove off!
-Ready?
-Yeah. all set.
All right. dude. will you explain
what the hell's going on now?
What are you doing here. and
why'd you call me up so early?
I got work now. I like to
sleep in on my days off.
Your old boss is dead.
What? What do you mean. he's
dead? What happened to him?
It's a bit of a long story.
I don't…
Why the hell didn't you call
me? Why didn't I know? Huh?
Yeah. I left the crew to go
straight. but still. It's the boss...
No. it's not like that. okay? I…
You know Rock. Paper.
Scissors. Minus One?
Yeah. of course.
Okay. Well. so the boss and I
were playing it like this. and…
And he needed to
take back one hand.
Anyway…
Uh. let's go get hangover
soup and head out. okay?
Hey. come on. man. what
happened then? Finish the story.
Just start the car. I'll
fill you in on the way.
I swear. you're
being weird. dude.
How does someone die playing Rock.
Paper. Scissors. Minus One. huh?
Not a single one of you
will leave here alive.
-not while you walk alone.
-Then what do we do?
And so instead. it is I.
Seon-nyeo. Shaman of the Sea.
who will guide your way
to find the path of life.
I see everything
inside this place.
And I can see the way
ahead. all from here.
It is not with my eyes I see!
The gods of heaven and earth
themselves have taken my hand.
They're guiding us
with their light!
Those who choose to follow me
-shall prolong their lives…
-Hey. Min-su.
And those who stand in my way
-You ever killed anyone?
-…will fall dead!
Look. there's not much time.
If you can't do this. you might
as well switch teams right now.
I know you're pretty
good at hiding.
Ah. Min-su.
I was looking everywhere
for you last night. but
I couldn't find you.
Where'd you run off to?
Dude. you were scared
of me. weren't you?
Nice work.
You were smart to hide.
And that bitch. dude.
thought she was Wonder Woman.
She always treated me like I was
nothing. What a fucking cunt!
She got what she…
Did you see it?
Oh. you little bastard.
you fucking saw it.
And you just hid there like
a baby and watched her die.
You didn't do anything.
And that bitch really
had a soft spot for you.
Aww!
Poor Min-su.
I just love that
look in your eye.
Keep that going once
you get in there. bro.
Then you just gotta
take them out.
That fucking son of a
bitch Thanos is dead.
And same with our whole crew.
It's just you and me now.
Think how lonely I'll
be if I lose you too.
So I need you to be a man
this time. Min-su. Hmm?
You can do it. my bro. Min-su!
Min-su!
See you soon. Min-su!
Jun-hee. switch with me.
You take the key.
It's our only way out of this.
Leave me alone.
I don't need your charity.
What do you mean.
leave you alone?
I know that you won't be able
to hurt anyone with that thing.
You don't know
anything about me.
Maybe not. but I do know this…
You're not a murderer.
Here. hand it over.
I'll go in and find
someone to take out.
Then I'll come find you.
I'll do what it takes.
For you and our kid.
It's that easy for
you to kill someone?
Yes.
I'd do anything for you and the reward.
even if it meant killing everyone.
And I'd do anything
to keep my baby safe.
Then…
kill me in there.
I'll come find you
once the game starts.
Then you stab me
and get out. okay?
You'll both get to live then.
Mom.
give me the knife.
Oh. no. I… I can find another
player on your team to switch with.
-That way we can stay together and keep...
-Mom. please.
You know how bad your knees are.
As soon as we're in the game room.
then those assholes with their knives
will be on us like
a pack of wolves.
If you and I try to stick
together the whole time.
they're gonna hunt us down.
Oh. no. I know my son.
Even if you had one of these.
you couldn't kill anyone.
Even when you were a kid.
you'd get in those fights
in the neighborhood.
you'd get so beat up 'cause
you'd just stand there.
You've never even thrown a punch.
Yong-sik. let alone killed anyone.
You're no different.
Could you chase someone down
and kill them with that?
Dad beat you all the time. but
you never fought back or anything.
I'll do it.
I…
I will try.
-Thank you.
-Sweet!
Yeah.
Ah. shit.
Much appreciated!
I. uh… I was just wondering if.
um. you'd consider switching.
Just hear me out. please.
Look. if you switch with me.
I can stay right with you.
and make sure you're safe. Huh?
You'd still need to
kill another player.
Jesus! Just…
Look. Just… just listen.
I'll handle that. don't worry.
I'll still keep
you safe. I swear.
Trust me.
Listen. I won't let you down.
Please.
Hey.
You motherfucking fuck.
You fucking piece of
shit. motherfucker.
What? What's your deal. huh?
Why do you keep
on staring at me?
What?
You think that it's my
fault we're still here?
That it's all because
of what I did?
We couldn't have won. Gi-hun.
And it was stupid to
ever think we could.
God damn it!
Will you quit looking at me like
that?! This is not my fault!
Listen. we should've gone after those
bastards who hit the "O" button.
then we would've had a chance.
We could've won the fight.
We could've won the vote!
This is your fault.
You and your ridiculous plan.
that's why everybody else is dead.
This is all your fault! You're
the one who got them all killed!
Attention. The game
will begin momentarily.
All players on the Blue
Team. please get ready.
You'll be entering
the arena first.
Let me repeat the announcement.
The game will begin momentarily.
What happened to
Woo-seok? He's not coming?
He called me just before
we left the docks.
Said he had a family emergency.
All of a sudden?
-Guess so.
-Maybe he got scared and bolted.
You know. that's the thing.
guys like him who always act
so tough and talk so loud.
they're a bunch of
cowards in the end.
I see it as a good thing.
All he ever did was drown
himself in booze. anyway.
Mom. please. find a
good spot to hide.
I'll just get it over
with. and come find you.
All right? I'll stay with
you and I'll keep you safe.
Yong-sik. I'll be okay.
I mean. think how often your dad
threatened to kill me when he was drunk.
In the end. which one of
your parents died first?
Dad did.
So you really think
I'm gonna die here?
Besides. I have
my secret weapon.
And I'll use it if I have to.
So don't worry.
I'll be just fine.
You focus on making it through.
Whatever it takes.
whatever you need to do.
so we can leave this
place together. Huh?
Swear on your life.
I swear I'll find you.
Where do we go?
You now have two minutes.
I repeat. two minutes until
the Red Team enters the arena.
Hey. hey. hey. hey. Everyone.
We should all spread out.
And don't just try to hide.
We need to look for the exit.
Once someone finds a way out of
here. they should shout it out.
So that way. we can
all come to them.
Good. Yeah. that's a good plan.
Yeah. if we just work together.
then we can all get out
of here in one piece.
♪ Hide. hide. it's
time to play ♪
♪ Don't let your
hair give you away ♪
♪ Hide. hide. it's time to play Don't
let your clothes give you away ♪
♪ Hide. hide. it's time to play
Don't let your toe give you away ♪
Don't let your hair give you away ♪
Wanna work together?
What?
Think they'll just
let us kill them?
Come on now. use your
head. 'Course not.
They'll come at us with
everything they have.
which means. if we work
as a team in there.
we're gonna have the advantage.
♪ Don't let your
hair give you away ♪
♪ Hide. hide. it's time to play Don't
let your clothes give you away ♪
Are you okay?
Ms. Geum-ja. Jun-hee.
♪ Don't let your
toe give you away ♪
We'll go together.
♪ Hide. hide. it's time to play
Don't let your hair give you away ♪
-Watch your step.
-Uh-huh.
♪ Hide. hide. it's time to
play Don't let your clothes… ♪
Fuck. I'm not asking for. like.
a relationship or anything.
Just a one-night stand.
♪ Don't let your
clothes give you away ♪
When you took out Thanos
like that. that was just…
…fucking amazing.
♪ Hide. hide. it's
time to play ♪
Red Team. please
enter the arena.
So we a team?
Hmm?
Let's get it!
It's all your fault.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm